hey everyone its mark Wiens with
migration ology comm I'm in Taipei
Taiwan and I am sitting down to eat
lunch at Din Tai Fung which is an
institution in Taiwan especially famous
for their Xiao long bao which are the
Taiwanese soup dumplings this is not the
original location I'm at the location in
Taipei 101 and they also have quite a
few locations around the world
and as just a quick disclaimer I have
already been to Din Tai Fung but I ate
there in Bangkok so everybody says that
it is better in Taipei in Taiwan so I'm
excited to eat lunch here and I can't
wait for the soup dumplings to arrive
one of the most iconic features about
this restaurant at any location
worldwide is that they appear to employ
a small army of people in white hats and
white jackets that look like they are
medical researchers but in reality they
are making dumplings and so to make the
Xiao long bao they take a piece of dough
they roll it out into a wrapper and then
they put the pork mixture in the middle
and then they wrap it up and kind of
twist the
so it has that beautiful little Crescent
'add top and then they steam them in a
bamboo basket and when they are steaming
that's when the juice of the pork and
the oils are released into that little
bag of a wrapper and that's where the
soup comes from so it's all the hot pork
oil and juices and they have the menu
written in both Chinese and English and
they also have a handy guide for how to
eat Xiao long bao so I'm going to follow
the steps there are four steps the first
step says that you got to put some soy
sauce and vinegar into your ginger
diffing Bowl sauce and then step number
two is to take the dumpling and dip it
into the sauce step number three is to
put the dumpling into your spoon and
then poke a small hole in it to release
the soup from the dumpling and step
number four I believe is my favorite
step which is to one bite the entire
dumpling and condiment all in one and
just enjoy savor the goodness well one
part soy sauce in three parts vinegar
okay so the sauce is one part soy sauce
and three parts vinegar and then those
are strips of thin ginger thank you and
we just gotta wait for our dumplings to
arrive
our first tray of Xiao long bao has
arrived and you can see they are just
piping hot and steaming well these are
just beautiful just look at those little
grooves okay I'm going to pick one of
these guys up and I'm going to do my
best to follow the instructions written
on the instruction card you can just
feel that that juice inside of it
put that into the sauce kind of whirl it
around a little bit
grab some of that ginger and I'm going
to put the entire thing into my spoon
you got to be careful you do not want to
pop that dumpling wrapper okay now I'm
going to poke a hole
and that should release if I can
and that should release all the juice oh
yes
okay I'm gonna one bite it
oh that is a mouthful of pure glory that
is delicate and extremely well-balanced
absolutely sensational delicious the
wrapper is it's actually pretty thin I
think I've had some that are that are
less thin or more thick thick wrapper
but that's a that's a pretty thin
wrapper and then it just explodes with
all that porky juice in it it's not too
salty but just has a really wonderful
flavor and then I like that just that
hint of soy sauce and vinegar and the
ginger which gives it the ginger is
really light just a really light ginger
flavor well that is just a sensational
dumpling and now moving on this is
noodles topped with pork and little
pieces of tofu there are green onions
and are these soybeans I mixed that up
thoroughly and now all the toppings are
on the bottom but let me take a bit of
this and put it into my bowl
long strand of noodles then I got to get
all those goodies from the bottom there
all right
that is very good as well it's very very
delicate the flavors are not too strong
I think that's what I really like
nothing is over salty but everything is
really well-balanced and just focuses on
the ingredients in between bites of
noodles I'm just going to grab the top
of the pyramid pickle
well
that's extremely crispy and very light
in flavor juicy just with a little bit
of a kind of like oily chili flavor to
it okay next up their house salad oh
yeah I think there are mung bean noodles
in there okay and bean sprouts
that again has a very light flavor to it
it's a little bit sour and I think I can
taste sesame oil in that as well and
then for vegetable
I ordered amaranth greens and they are
just stir-fried with some garlic I think
oh yeah oh there's a little piece of
garlic this is when you grab the top off
there
yeah again that is very lightly seasoned
but just very good a kadai stat toasted
garlic and then it almost it's kind of
like spinach but less slimy
these are just beautiful little
creations such a delicate mouth full of
glory put it into my spoon this time I
think I'm not going to pop the wrapper
and I'm just going to pour in some of
that vinegar man I'm going to need a lot
more ginger that ginger I'm I'm a crazy
ginger fan okay and actually that I need
a little I'm just gonna do this method
okay oh that's going to be a good night
I'm cheating a little bit on the steps
but I think it's going to be good
there's a lot of vinegar in that bite it
hit me in the back of the throat but
that is amazing so that's it for lunch
thank you all very much for watching
please remember to give this video a
thumbs up leave a comment below if you
have any questions and also if you love
Xiao long bao I love to hear from you
and thank you again for watching this
video see you on the next video
you